{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green104\blue174;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c0\c49020\c73725;
}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa260\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We'd like you to create a web page that shows a grid of photo thumbnails; when a thumbnail is clicked, the photo should be displayed in a lightbox view, with the ability to move to the next / previous photos and display the photo title. You can use any public API that returns photos; here are some ideas:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa130\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Flickr: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.flickr.com/services/api/flickr.photosets.getPhotos.html"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://www.flickr.com/services/api/flickr.photosets.getPhotos.html}}\cb1 \
\ls1\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Google Image Search: {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://developers.google.com/custom-search/json-api/v1/overview"}}{\fldrslt \cf4 \ul \ulc4 \strokec4 https://developers.google.com/custom-search/json-api/v1/overview}}\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 You can take up to a week to get this back to us, and feel free to use that entire time if needed.\
This exercise is very important in assessing your technical fit, so make sure you're happy with the result and that it reflects your skills. Your submission should be something you would be proud to submit on the job. It should run without errors in the latest versions of Chrome, Safari, Firefox, IE, and Edge.\
\'a0\
When you\'92re finished, please send us:\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa130\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A URL where the working lightbox can be seen\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0\cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Your source code as a zipped Git repository (create a local repo for your code and commit your files as you normally would; when the exercise is complete, zip your main directory, including the .git directory, and send it to us).\cb1 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl300\sa130\partightenfactor0
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cf2 \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Note:
\b0  If you use GitHub, please make your repo private or remove it after you submit your work. We wouldn't want someone to submit your work as their own later!\cb1 \
\ls2\ilvl0
\b \cb3 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	\'95	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Please be sure to submit using the (GreenHouse) link provided in this email.
\b0 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl300\sa260\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 If you have any notes or instructions about the exercise, please include them in a README.md file in your repo.\'a0We go to great lengths to ensure the technical exercise is graded as blindly as possible. Where reasonable, we ask that you do not include your name anywhere in the URL, code, or documentation.\
}